# Generate Module

## Overview

The `Generate` module generates additional training data based on an existing labeled dataset using the 'gemini-1.5-flash-002' model. This module is designed to help create customized English learning materials tailored to specific proficiency levels.

The module works by downloading the training dataset from Google Cloud Platform (GCP) and generating new samples. It does this by creating a Cloud Run job in GCP with the following configuration:

1. **Container image URL**: `yanher/generate_samples:v1.6`
2. **Container arguments**:
   - `--level=<level>`: Specifies the proficiency level (A1, A2, B1, B2, C1).
   - `--n_samples=<n_samples>`: Defines the number of samples to generate.
3. **Service account**: Ensure that the selected service account has the following roles:
   - **AI Platform Admin**
   - **Storage Admin**
   - **Vertex AI Administrator**

### Available Proficiency Levels

- A1
- A2
- B1
- B2
- C1

### Prompts

The samples are generated by few-show prompts, with a system instruction:

python
system_instruction=f"Generate English learning material (a transcript of video or audio) suitable for {args.level}-level learners. "
                      "Ensure the material is comparable in difficulty to the provided examples. "
                      "If the transcript is a dialogue, it should not contain additional contextual phrases or commentary. "
                      "Please wrap the transcript using <Transcript> tags."


The prompts are created by giving N_EXAMPLES random real samples from training set of certain level:

python
# random sample of certain level
random_samples = shuffled_subset.select(range(N_EXAMPLES))
transcripts = random_samples['Transcript']
# Generate a new prompt with updated examples
prompt = ""
for j, example in enumerate(transcripts, start=1):
   prompt += f"Example {j}:\n{example}\n\n"
